README.md, before:

# ❗CSC226 Final Project

## Instructions

❗️Exclamation Marks ❗️indicate action items; you should remove these emoji as you complete/update the items which 
  they accompany. (This means that your final README should have no ❗️in it!)

**Author(s)**: Feda Mohammadi ,  Sonam Tsering 


**Google Doc Link**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IqUFa12ckRFlhGmxh_lFLJQb1BVDFZ_NzAk2kyYhfJA/edit?usp=sharing

---

## References 
Throughout this project, you have likely used outside resources. Reference all ideas which are not your own, 
and describe how you integrated the ideas or code into your program. This includes online sources, people who have 
helped you, AI tools you've used, and any other resources that are not solely your own contribution. Update as you go.

---

## Milestone 1: Setup, Planning, Design

**Title**: `Macro-Economics Tracker`

**Purpose**: `One of the most important concepts in Macro-economics is GDP (Gross Domestic Products). This project is
 intented to calculate GDP and its components (Consumption, Investment, Government Spending, and Net Exports) 
 based on user input and displays the results graphically. We also aim to extrat real-world data from other websites to 
 rank the GDP and show the historical data on GDP of that specific country.`

**Source Assignment(s)**:
Chapter 6: Functions (to structure the program into reusable functions)
Chapter 10: Lists (to store and manipulate data)
Chapter 12: Dictionaries (to store GDP components and their values)
Chapter 15: GUI and Event Driven Programming (for the interactive user interface)
Chapter 17-19: Classes and Objects, Inheritance (to structure the GDP calculator and components as objects)

(We may need to add more chapters as we move forward.)


**CRC Card(s)**:
  - Create a CRC card for each class that your project will implement.
  - See this link for a sample CRC card and a template to use for your own cards (you will have to make a copy to edit):
    [CRC Card Example](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JE_3Qmytk_JGztRqkPXWACJwciPH61VCx3idIlBCVFY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Tables in markdown are not easy, so we suggest saving your CRC card as an image and including the image(s) in the 
    README. You can do this by saving an image in the repository and linking to it. See the sample CRC card below - 
    and REPLACE it with your own:
  
![Don't leave me in your README!](image/my_crc.png)   (This crc may change as we move forward!)

**Branches**: This project will **require** effective use of git. 

Each partner should create a branch at the beginning of the project, and stay on this branch (or branches of their 
branch) as they work. When you need to bring each others branches together, do so by merging each other's branches 
into your own, following the process we've discussed in previous assignments: 

```
    Branch 1 name: mohammadif_final_project
    Branch 2 name: tserings_final_project
```
---

## Milestone 2: Code Setup and Issue Queue

Most importantly, keep your issue queue up to date, and focus on your code. 🙃

Reflect on what you’ve done so far. How’s it going? Are you feeling behind/ahead? What are you worried about? 
What has surprised you so far? Describe your general feelings. Be honest with yourself; this section is for you, not me.

```
    **Replace this text with your reflection
```

---

## Milestone 3: Virtual Check-In

Indicate what percentage of the project you have left to complete and how confident you feel. 

❗️**Completion Percentage**: `0 - 100%`

❗️**Confidence**: Describe how confident you feel about completing this project, and why. Then, describe some 
  strategies you can employ to increase the likelihood that you'll be successful in completing this project 
  before the deadline.

```
    **Replace this text with your reflection
```

---

## Milestone 4: Final Code, Presentation, Demo

### ❗User Instructions
In a paragraph, explain how to use your program. Assume the user is starting just after they hit the "Run" button 
in PyCharm. 

### ❗Errors and Constraints
Every program has bugs or features that had to be scrapped for time. These bugs should be tracked in the issue queue. 
You should already have a few items in here from the prior weeks. Create a new issue for any undocumented errors and 
deficiencies that remain in your code. Bugs found that aren't acknowledged in the queue will be penalized.

### ❗Reflection
In three to four well-written paragraphs, address the following (at a minimum):
- Why did you select the project that you did?
- How closely did your final project reflect your initial design?
- What did you learn from this process?
- What was the hardest part of the final project?
- What would you do differently next time, knowing what you know now?
- (For partners) How well did you work with your partner? What made it go well? What made it challenging?

Commit message:

Some minor changes also made. We completed the milestone 2 but still need to write some tests.

README.md, after:

# ❗CSC226 Final Project

## Instructions

❗️Exclamation Marks ❗️indicate action items; you should remove these emoji as you complete/update the items which 
  they accompany. (This means that your final README should have no ❗️in it!)

**Author(s)**: Feda Mohammadi ,  Sonam Tsering 


**Google Doc Link**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IqUFa12ckRFlhGmxh_lFLJQb1BVDFZ_NzAk2kyYhfJA/edit?usp=sharing

---

## References 
Throughout this project, you have likely used outside resources. Reference all ideas which are not your own, 
and describe how you integrated the ideas or code into your program. This includes online sources, people who have 
helped you, AI tools you've used, and any other resources that are not solely your own contribution. Update as you go.

---

## Milestone 1: Setup, Planning, Design

**Title**: `Macro-Economics Tracker`

**Purpose**: `One of the most important concepts in Macro-economics is GDP (Gross Domestic Products). This project is
 intented to calculate GDP and its components (Consumption, Investment, Government Spending, and Net Exports) 
 based on user input and displays the results graphically. We also aim to extrat real-world data from other websites to 
 rank the GDP and show the historical data on GDP of that specific country.`

**Source Assignment(s)**:
Chapter 6: Functions (to structure the program into reusable functions)
Chapter 10: Lists (to store and manipulate data)
Chapter 12: Dictionaries (to store GDP components and their values)
Chapter 15: GUI and Event Driven Programming (for the interactive user interface)
Chapter 17-19: Classes and Objects, Inheritance (to structure the GDP calculator and components as objects)

(We may need to add more chapters as we move forward.)


**CRC Card(s)**:
  - Create a CRC card for each class that your project will implement.
  - See this link for a sample CRC card and a template to use for your own cards (you will have to make a copy to edit):
    [CRC Card Example](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JE_3Qmytk_JGztRqkPXWACJwciPH61VCx3idIlBCVFY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Tables in markdown are not easy, so we suggest saving your CRC card as an image and including the image(s) in the 
    README. You can do this by saving an image in the repository and linking to it. See the sample CRC card below - 
    and REPLACE it with your own:
  
![Don't leave me in your README!](image/my_crc.png)   (This crc may change as we move forward!)

**Branches**: This project will **require** effective use of git. 

Each partner should create a branch at the beginning of the project, and stay on this branch (or branches of their 
branch) as they work. When you need to bring each others branches together, do so by merging each other's branches 
into your own, following the process we've discussed in previous assignments: 

```
    Branch 1 name: mohammadif_final_project
    Branch 2 name: tserings_final_project
```
---

## Milestone 2: Code Setup and Issue Queue

Most importantly, keep your issue queue up to date, and focus on your code. 🙃

Reflect on what you’ve done so far. How’s it going? Are you feeling behind/ahead? What are you worried about? 
What has surprised you so far? Describe your general feelings. Be honest with yourself; this section is for you, not me.

```
 As of right, since we wrote the second version of the code and it works pretty well and we have the current features we
 need, we feel confident in getting this done on time. We did not yet write the test suit so that we can see which part
 of the code does not function ok, and it will be done by the next few days which will save us enough time to keep a decent 
 track of our progress. The first time when I started and was brainstorming, it seemed very hard, honestly. But now when we 
 are almost in the middle of it, it feels very good. 
 
```

---

## Milestone 3: Virtual Check-In

Indicate what percentage of the project you have left to complete and how confident you feel. 

❗️**Completion Percentage**: `0 - 100%`

❗️**Confidence**: Describe how confident you feel about completing this project, and why. Then, describe some 
  strategies you can employ to increase the likelihood that you'll be successful in completing this project 
  before the deadline.

```
    **Replace this text with your reflection
```

---

## Milestone 4: Final Code, Presentation, Demo

### ❗User Instructions
In a paragraph, explain how to use your program. Assume the user is starting just after they hit the "Run" button 
in PyCharm. 

### ❗Errors and Constraints
Every program has bugs or features that had to be scrapped for time. These bugs should be tracked in the issue queue. 
You should already have a few items in here from the prior weeks. Create a new issue for any undocumented errors and 
deficiencies that remain in your code. Bugs found that aren't acknowledged in the queue will be penalized.

### ❗Reflection
In three to four well-written paragraphs, address the following (at a minimum):
- Why did you select the project that you did?
- How closely did your final project reflect your initial design?
- What did you learn from this process?
- What was the hardest part of the final project?
- What would you do differently next time, knowing what you know now?
- (For partners) How well did you work with your partner? What made it go well? What made it challenging?
